Add authentication section to readme (#125)
warrant-dev/warrant: configuration.md

| `enableAccessLog` | Determines whether the built-in request logger is enabled or not. | no | true | `enableAccessLog: VALUE` | `WARRANT_ENABLEACCESSLOG=VALUE` |
| `autoMigrate` | If set to `true`, the server will apply datastore and eventstore migrations before starting up. | no | false | `autoMigrate: VALUE` | `WARRANT_AUTOMIGRATE=VALUE` |

## Warrant Server Authentication
Warrant supports two types of authentication: API key and JWT authentication tokens.

### API Key Authentication
By default, you must configure an API key that Warrant will use to authenticate all requests. You should follow standard security practices for generating and storing your API key.

| Variable | Description | Required? | Default | YAML | ENV VAR |
| -------- | ----------- | --------- | ------- | ---- | ------- |
| `authentication.apiKey` | The unique API key that all clients must pass to the server via the `Authorization: ApiKey VALUE` header | yes | - | `authentication:`<br>&emsp;`apiKey: VALUE` | `WARRANT_AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY=VALUE` |

### 3rd-party Auth Provider Token Authentication

> You can optionally configure Warrant to allow access check requests made to the `/v2/authorize` endpoint using JWT authentication tokens generated by your application or a 3rd-party authentication provider (e.g. Auth0, Firebase, etc). You can also configure the claims in the JWT token that specify the `userId` and `tenantId` of the user being authenticated. These are used to automatically populate the subject and context of the check(s) being made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally configure Warrant to allow access check requests made to the `/v2/authorize` endpoint using JWT authentication tokens generated by your application or a 3rd-party authentication provider (e.g. Auth0, Firebase, etc). You can also configure the claims in the JWT token that specify the `userId` and `tenantId` of the user being authenticated. These claims will be used to automatically populate the subject and context for the access check(s) being made, so any requests using JWTs will be scoped to the user and tenant specified in the token.
```
